# Wednesday, December 28, 2022, 11:30am Ro / 9:30am Is

## Agenda

- Status / updates of infrastructure (deployment, linters, SmileyCoin)
- Status / updates of OS class and content
- Status / updates of CCAS content
- Meeting in Romania schedule
- Reporting after 9 months
- Others

## Participants

- Eggert
- RăzvanN
- RăzvanD
- Teo
- Sergiu

## Discussions

### Reporting

RD: Reporting to happen by February 28, 2023.
I will talk to Gunnar about some papers I may require from UI.
I plan to do the reporting by end of January 2023.

### Meetings

RD: For meetings, we will likely schedule a Bucharest / Romania meeting in spring-summer 2023, since it fits better with everyone's schedule.
We had also planned a meeting in Bucharest in September 2023, but it doesn't seem to make sense since we have another one earlier in spring-summer.
We could schedule another one in Reykjavik.
I will talk to the project officer about that.

RazvanN: We will try to have the SmileyCoin approach next semester for the OS class.
There are many ways in which we can look at it.

### SmileyCoins

What we can do with SmileyCoins?

Can we use SmileyCoints as a form of academic recognision?
Can you get in into some educational activity with the help of SmileyCoins?

RN: My academic is just to use SmileyCoins as another coin.

EK: What if I spent SmileyCoins?
Would I still be able to get in a workshop.

RN: That's one of the issue with SmileyCoins for academic recognition.
Recognition is something that you don't "spend", like you do with coins.

RD: Mihai Băruță will do a first implementation of SmileyCoin support.

SW: Infrastructure-wise, apart from SmileyCoins, a major feature missing is the import / export of quizzes.

### OS Content

RD: This is close to completion.

RD: There is "dance" between content and delivery.
We are discussing that in the OS team to come up with an optimal approach.
Once we have a decision we will feed that back to the content.

### CCAS Content

RD: I created two PRs for workflows.

RD: There are plenty of Markdown linting issues to fix.

RN: It's best to create scripts for those.

RD: I will fix them once we have content split.

TD: I will work on splitting content.

SW: The deployment PR requires the configuration file.

RD: Yes, I had a tasks split with Teo.
Once he creates the configuration file, we will merge them.

## TODOs and Decisions

LB: Convert / Import TutorWeb questions in the OpenEdu format.

TD: Work on splitting CCAS content and creating config file.

SW: Draft the infrastructure paper.

RN: Press release, methodology, next milestones

EK: Resume e-mail discussion on question import / export with Liza and Sergiu.

RD: Do paper work for reporting.
Discuss the project meetings with the project officer.

RD: Work on the OS lecture on App Interact.

RD: Fix linter errors for CCAS Markdown content.

RD: Schedule meeting on quiz question import / export.

RD: Kick-off security summer school content development / conversion to OpenEdu.

We meet next on Wednesday, January 11, 2023, 11:30am Ro / 09:30am Is.
